okay hey guys today is kind of a big day
because today I got my segment launcher
this is BB 73 three segment launcher and
here's the unboxing okay so this is the
packaging I'm very very fancy no I'm
kidding umm
by the way this is official actually it
could be fake but I'm pretty sure it's
not the guy that shipped it said it was
so no come off eBay so comment and about
whether it's fake or not and I'm gonna
go ahead and start unboxing okay I
already cut it open but I haven't even
looked inside yet Wow first looks at it
it is a lot a lot smaller than I thought
it would be taking it out of the back of
packaging ooh it's got some fancy
plastic right here in between Oh got it
wow this is a lot smaller than I thought
it would be I might have to get one of
the support things by the way this is
the first thing that was shipped to me
this is the first thing that shipped to
me out of all of the things that I
ordered for my launcher setup so I have
some rubber that's coming and I have an
LR string launcher okay so let's look at
it okay as you can see you can move this
way so you can move it this way and this
is for lefties if I wanted to watch like
that but you can also do the opposite
side if you're a righty and you want to
launch the opposite way now I'm putting
it on this side so if you wanted to
launch like this you can but I prefer to
either launch like this or putting this
on there okay so it works with the angle
compass you can put that on there you're
getting really put anything on okay this
thing can move all over the place you
just spin it around it's supposed to be
able to
back and forth I'll figure that out
later okay right on here it's a segment
it says LG 3s I don't know what that
means
oh and the ads takara tomy it says Tommy
right here I don't know it says t a
comma MB comma TX made in China I don't
need another made in China thing but
it's alright next I ordered some special
Bay point cards with this official wbba
it comes came with four
so I'd open these one with masamune and
they all say point 50 on the back of
this says Bay point card wbba and then a
bunch of Japanese writing and it says
WWE blades oh no conk oh hey our sensor
Priya so yeah there's Masamune you
Tsubasa and of course Gingka all the
people on the Gangan galaxy team I think
you put it on by putting it through this
side actually I'm not putting I've got
to put on the jingle one I'm gonna put
on the Masamune one all right you slip
it in through the top that looks really
cool shoes Masamune oh but yeah up in
the top it's just some Japanese writing
then says to then says beyblade under it
okay now first here is a comparison of
the launcher the original versus the new
segment vulture okay so yes that's what
fits
okay first is the Takara Tomy light
launcher slips in perfectly snaps on
works great I don't have the time and
light launcher queue so I can't show you
that but
Hasbro light launcher fits almost Oh
barely fits but if it's it's really a
tight snap Wow okay God next is the
l-drago - Hasbro one same thing it's not
really made for it to go on there but it
fits a little next is Hasbro's Bey
launcher slash slash string launcher
okay that that's a lot better than the
other two and I do not have the Bey
launch or lr or Japanese Bey launcher
because my LR launcher is on the way and
I just never got a Japanese Bey laundry
okay so I'm gonna do a little test
launch with it with my storm Pegasus
over here and we're gonna see how it
looks okay I finally set up my stadium
on the ground I'm gonna be using of
course this and my string launcher to
launch my storm Pegasus just as like a
little whole thing to show you what
power it has and also I should mention
this is the hasbro grip rubber and it's
not very good but until my actual rubber
comes i will be using this so i just
want to let you guys know that it does
fit three two one there
Stadium but it's very strong I'll try it
my other Stadium here
okay maybe yeah this would be better
three two one what's as you can see it
has a lot of power ended up in the side
okay and before I leave and thank you
for watching
I should note as Revit launcher does
fits you just have to take off this you
have to slide this off and then you can
slide the side of the you can slide the
side of the rope launcher on to this and
it fits okay thanks for watching this is
let it rip Central signing off
oh one more thing actually this is the
bottom part that you can take off from
here is a tool it says beyblade right on
it oh no it says three segments sorry
bad eyesight and it is a tool so the
bottom part right here this can take off
performance tips and see took it off the
other side can disassemble the entire
Bay so yeah just got a twist that's very
helpful and the inside can store smaller
parts like face bolts small spin tracks
and performance tips and then you put it
back on and you have extra spare parts
in there okay thanks for watching this
is letter at Central signing off and
I'll see you guys next time bye